#### Present
Dan, Rebecca, Mavis, Elias, Jen, Joudy

#### London
Jen
* Week 3 last minute effort
* mentor was on holiday, other got a job, other felt like left with all the work, and not confident
* week hasn’t changed much, they just were unprepared, and didn’t communicate with nazareth

Mavis
* Try and let us know when things change, but aware that things changed quickly

Jen
* No expectations for when things should be merged, so don’t expect things to change. Things will stay last minute.
* What should we do for last minute changes?

Mavis
* If London have something that they want to deliver not necessarily on master, just use it on the branch, and we can review it before it’s delivered in Naz.

Jen
* Students can’t easily raise an issue on the material if it’s on a branch.

Mavis
* Not sure there’s a great solution
* Most of the changes are coming from London, local mentors aren’t confident enough to be reviewing PRs.
* Bear in mind for next iteration. Maybe all three campuses working together on the iteration

Jen
* Not giving the mentors deadlines is the problem
* Set deadline week before they being teaching, but realistically, there’s nothing I can do.

Mavis
* Had strong feedback on “why we doing research afternoons”

Jen
* What can I do to make managing changes easier?

Mavis
* Don’t feel like I have much time to look at the material. Next week won’t be too involved.
* Try to look at PRs more often. But tough since London is more urgent, so can’t necessarily emergency review.

Jen
* Will have London mentors in week 4 & 5 so late merges won’t be such a big issue
* How can I contact you?

Mavis
* Things changed so often, and the epic was sometimes out of date or hard to follow.
* Should be more up to date, makes it easier for CF
* Add us as reviewers on PRs and issues even if we can’t get to it.

Dan
* Are volume of changes per week likely to reduce over the next iteration?

Jen
* It might happen over a different timescale. If all these issues are already open, then curriculum planning is just managing an existing backlog. Someone should be managing this process.


#### Nazareth
Mavis
* Now have 10 students, 2 groups of 3 and a group of 4
* How should they work in a three?
* Might cause friction?

Dan
* Seen 3’s work effectively when 1 person works alone, as long as they rotate frequently.
* Not everyone enjoys pairing all day.
* Dynamic is harder to manage, and need to be more thoughtful about it.

Mavis
* One 3 seems to be working well, one not so well

Elias
* Historical example of FAC7, one group of 3 working all together, one with one working alone. The latter group had a slightly better dynamic, but this was also down to the specific personalities and relative skill levels in the groups (i.e. the all-together group had 2 of similar ability, and one much less experienced). No real rule for dealing with it, will just have to keep an eye out and use judgement.

Mavis
* What happens after me an Lubes leave?
* There’s not necessarily someone across everyone

Dan
* Chat to Jack

Joudy
* Question about earlier, why are people saying that week 3 will be the worst?

Rebecca
* We’re not saying that, we’re saying that week 3 will be the most challenging because the London mentors were late to get organised.
* Mavis & Lubes should talk to Jack about how to do the hand-over, there are things we can learn from you about how to handle the handover in Gaza too.


#### Gaza
Elias
* Started this week
* Lead graduate mentors for this week seem to be doing well, with other mentors also spending time in the classroom helping out
* People in Nazareth, how did you handle things like presentations for people who are not confident with their English?

Mavis
* W/ projects whats gone better is having bullet points for what the presentations should cover. Helps people plan out what they’re going to say.
* Research hasn’t gone as well since there’s less structure
* Trying to encourage people to think about the presentation instead of getting the research done.
* Just keep encouraging people

Jen
* How did you both handle team-stop-go-continue?

Mavis
* Didn’t do it yet

Jen
* Clarifying workflow helps team dynamics
* Also one group have massive tensions, and team SGC really helped.
* Should have one person facilitating the team SGC
* Acted as time-keeper for mentors

Mavis
* Been good on workshop timings, and been flexible when appropriate?
