FCI standup

present: Rebecca, MG, Elias, Lubes, Mavis, Shireen

Nazareth:
- Rebecca: 3-weeks since last meet up
- Shireen: things have been not so bad
- we changed teams again this week 
- trying something new out, QA and scrum master for their teams
- generally things are good
- Mavis: Elias has seen his PR
- Lubes: thinks week 7 may have been not that well aimed for students' level
- how did it go in Gaza?
- Elias: MG will know more, when he joins. anything specific?
- Lubes: some students didn't know how the workshops helped with the projects, e.g. JWT, most didn't get to the endpoints part
- [MG joins]
- MG: thinks it went ok in Gaza, and all the workshops were pretty specific to the project
- the JWT workshop overran
- Elias, MG: timings this week (7) were generally an issue
- Rebecca: should the workshops be reshaped or the time adjusted?
- MG: don't think the workshops are really at fault
- Lubes: did you do the presentation for first workshop?
- Elias: walked through the README
- Lubes: disagree, some problems with READMEs, need too much mentor support, workshops causing confusion
- MG: I also walked through the JWT workshop README

---

- Rebecca: How are things going otherwise Gaza?
- MG: alright. Timings maybe an issue, but students seem to be progressing well
- a couple of things cropped up earlier in the week:
  - people doing MCs alone and almost refusing to pair, tried to have a conversation but it wasn't productive, said would come back to it later
  - Elias: I have some sympathy (with the student involved?)
  - Rebecca: something Nazareth could learn?
  - Elias: person-specific

---

- Mavis: none of us have led workshops this week, but we could flag stuff up:
  - express walkthrough: good reviews all round (except step 12, 13, was confusing)
  - handlebars workshop went quite badly in London and here. Went on for 4 hours, skipped biz-dev. Half code-along half not in London. More of a full code-along here. lots of questions. Massive workshop, you may want to make it smaller as an intro to handlebars. 
  - css morning challenge fine everywhere
  - testing express routes: have raised issues. Linux users had db problems, see issues.
  - research: went ok, promises was a bit of a problem, not helpful.
    - Elias: did workshop 3 use promises?
    - yes but code was already written
    - Elias: the people drawn to promises might be ones who can understand them better
    - MG: examples, e.g. here is a callback version, here is a promise version
    - Shireen: drop it 

---

- Elias: how is the pre-course going?
- Shireen: some people still don't have linux, some have finished js. I think it needs more guidance, e.g. work on these specific katas. 
- Lubes: mainly people working alone, I was helping with linux.
- Elias: apart from linux problems, going quite well. 20 people, 4-5 relatively advanced, others not so much. Pairing a lot. Good feedback from grads leading it.
- Rebecca: why is pairing not happening?
- Mavis: mentors need more guidance?
- Rebecca: thought it was to be introduced from the beginning
- Lubes: only had 4 people. any specific meeting for the pre-course?
- Rebecca: no
- Mavis: who is responsible?
- Rebecca: Mario coordinates, mentors collaborate on how to teach a week
- Mavis: thought Mario was more in charge. Mario thinks that as well.
- Rebecca: sounds not too bad, just need to clear up a few things tomorrow.





