## FCI Standup
August 8, 2017

**Present:** Lubes, Mavis, Shireen, Jen, Rebecca, Dan, Elias

**London:**
- Mood was low last week - error handling workshop was tough
- Week doesn't have a clear identity, since it is a continuation of the previous week
- Pastoral care remains a focus
- This week has been a last minute effort, but is still an improvement on postgres week
- Next week hasn't been created yet, anticipate last minute work


**Nazareth:**
- Node week 2 workshop is too long, stopped students after an hour, Lubes walked them through examples afterward
- People really didn't seem to be getting the workshop, led to a low mood starting projects
- Jen suggests Nazareth conduct a mentor reflection, for future documentation
- Jen thinks we need to develop better curriculum for callbacks, notes that week 7 introduces Promises, not sure how that will affect week 8
- Didn't make clear who was leading week 5, Jen suggests assigning each part of the week to at least one mentor
- Shireen suggests keeping/bringing back the waterfall challenge

### Planning for future discussions:

**Curriculum planning:**

- Separating the preparation of students from planning of changes to content
https://github.com/foundersandcoders/master-reference/issues/501
- Possible introduction of weekly “product owners” drawn from alumni network responsible for the week overview and for making sure content achieves learning outcomes of each week
- Clarification of master-reference maintenance team
- Expectations of lead mentors in each location (during course delivery)
- Who is responsible for what? What are students responsible for? What are outgoing mentors responsible for? What are alumni responsible for?
- _Who_ will be submitting PR’s for changes to weeks?
- _When_ will people be submitting PR’s for changes to weeks? 
- How should curriculum planning be incorporated into the second half of the course for students in each location? When and how should mentor preparation happen for future weeks?
- Do we plan to enable any curriculum divergence, and if so, how?

### Weeks 10-16

- Are mentors at each of the three campuses comfortable with the shape of the curriculum during this section of the course?
- Ensuring that curriculum planning is incorporated into each programme in a coordinated way
- Documenting/preparing resources that can be used across campuses 
- What level of resourcing do we want/need during weeks 10-12 and 13-16?
- What technology should we use for prototyping?
- How should we incorporate user-testing into each project?
- How should we facilitate the creation of self-selected student groups?
- Coordinating the format of week 13 across campuses (with different numbers of client engagement)
