# CF Stand up 5-9-2017

Attendance: Mavis, MG, Lubes, Jen, Eoin, Dan, Rebecca, Shireen

- Jen thinks week 10 went well
- Noga and Bradley are good
- different ideas at different stages
- In future maybe support each project differently depending on where they are
- self selection was stressfull
    - not because they were doing it themselves
    - stressful due to group dynamics
- MG: Nazareth had a slightly chaotic process that kind of depended on luck
- LUBES: three pairs of people had 1st priority on projects then the rest kind of compromised
- Shireen: gave them 10 minutes afterwards to tell us if they were ok with it
- Hard to document cos its a complicated process
- Reb: student self selection requires skillful facilitation, should document that. Descirption of past processes could still help.
- Dan: Unconvinced with current method, still worth experimenting. Gaza maybe should look at possibility of selecting the groups ahead of the projects? look in entreprenuer first
- eoin reiterates FACN1 process
- mavis said we planned this but didn't quite do it
- MG will probbaly do that in Gaza. Difficult to deal with some people who really want self selection
- Mavis how was user testing? Jen, depends on how the person delivers it, if they are excited at delivering it it will encourage the students (Jen **really** loves it). FAC11 did it within the cohort.
- week 11 day 1
    - hard again cos everyone is at different levels
    - no QAs or scrum-masters in London, probably would if they had the resources
    - Might be some difficulties with the different agile roles, Jen and Cleo kind of floated around during the sprint planning
    - some teams have obvious PO's
    - DAN: we might start getting recent alumni to QA projects of the next cohort (client projects weeks 13-16)

 
